my bolognese bake served with heritage
tomato and burrata salad
[Music]
the pasta sauce is simple fry off onion
celery and a crushed clove of garlic
at this stage it's just the softness of
it
once the vegetables have done that throw
in 675 grams of good minced beef
and you want a really high heat because
i want to brown it a bit
then add tomato puree redcurrant jelly
and two tins of chopped tomatoes canned
tomatoes
are quite acidic and if you add just a
little bit of red currant jelly it just
brings out the flavor
a good shake of worcester sauce and 500
ml of
rich beef stock
i'm going to turn that right down so
it's cooking very slowly
and it'll be tender in 30 minutes
while the sauce bubbles away fry 250
grams of mushrooms in butter
i find that a very quick fry you get a
much better flavor
if i just tip them in with the bolognese
they just get a bit soggy
after half an hour the sauce will be
ready some chopped fresh thyme
and the buttery mushrooms will bring it
all together
that smells simply wonderful
now to turn the bolognese into a
heart-warming bake
just add 225 grams of cooked penny
and give it a good mix
that looks perfect now i'm going to tip
it into the dish
[Music]
finish with a mixture of cheddar and
parmesan for a cheesy topping
[Music]
just bake for about 25 minutes at 180
fan
[Music]
to show off that wonderful burrata
cheese
i've surrounded it with lots of colorful
heritage tomatoes
and i'm going to make a simple dressing
bloody mary
four tablespoons of olive oil a shake of
celery salt
dash of tabasco 75 mil of tomato juice
a teaspoon of worcester sauce
and two teaspoons of balsamic vinegar
depending on what sort of gathering it
is you could always add a little bit of
vodka to this
i can think of a few parties as it would
go well
just drizzle over the salad and finish
with some fresh basil leaves
now it's all about the bake i tell you
it looks amazing
it's crispy brown on top and underneath
it'll be soft with the sauce
let's have a look
i think that looks wonderful
i can't think of anything i'll enjoy
more with
family on a weekday than this
wonderful pastor make
[Music]
you